docs: add markup section for lightweight styling (#1259)
unoplatform/Uno.Themes: doc/lightweight-styling.md

![Material - Button lightweight styling](assets/material-button-pointerover-lightweight-styling.png)

## C# Markup

> All Lightweight Styling resource key can also be used in C# Markup through a collection of static helper classes available in the [Uno.Themes.WinUI.Markup](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Themes.WinUI.Markup/) NuGet package. The following code shows how to override several `FilledButton` resources in C# from the previous XAML example above. Notice that the `Button` is still using the `FilledButtonStyle` from Uno Material, but the resources are being overridden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Lightweight Styling resource keys can also be used in C# Markup through a collection of static helper classes available in the [Uno.Themes.WinUI.Markup](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Themes.WinUI.Markup/) NuGet package. The following code shows how to override several `FilledButton` resources in C# from the previous XAML example above. Notice that the `Button` is still using the `FilledButtonStyle` from Uno Material, but the resources are being overridden.
```

```csharp

> // #1
> new Button()
>     .Style(Theme.Button.Styles.Filled)
>     .Content("Default Button Style"),
> 
> //#2
> new Button()
>     .Style(Theme.Button.Styles.Filled)
>     .Resources(config => config
>         .Add(Theme.Button.Resources.BorderThickness, 2)
>         .Add(Theme.Button.Resources.Filled.Foreground.Default, new SolidColorBrush(Colors.DarkGreen))
>         .Add(Theme.Button.Resources.Filled.Background.Default, new SolidColorBrush(Colors.LightGreen))
>         .Add(Theme.Button.Resources.Filled.BorderBrush.Default, new SolidColorBrush(Colors.DarkGreen))
>     )
>     .Content("Overridden Button Style"),
> 
> //#3
> new Button()

Reviewer 2: avoid what could trigger issue linking:
```suggestion
// basic filled button
new Button()
    .Style(Theme.Button.Styles.Filled)
    .Content("Default Button Style"),

// filled button with overridden colors
new Button()
    .Style(Theme.Button.Styles.Filled)
    .Resources(config => config
        .Add(Theme.Button.Resources.BorderThickness, 2)
        .Add(Theme.Button.Resources.Filled.Foreground.Default, new SolidColorBrush(Colors.DarkGreen))
        .Add(Theme.Button.Resources.Filled.Background.Default, new SolidColorBrush(Colors.LightGreen))
        .Add(Theme.Button.Resources.Filled.BorderBrush.Default, new SolidColorBrush(Colors.DarkGreen))
    )
    .Content("Overridden Button Style"),

// filled button with overridden colors for PointerOver state
new Button()
```

Author: Comments are to match the <!-- --> comments from the previous XAML code

Author: Oh I see the problem, ok will change
